+++
date = '2026-03-01T21:55:26+01:00'
draft = false
title = 'Cofee and Chitchat'
event_start = '2025-02-22T14:00:00+01:00'
event_end = '2025-02-22T17:00:00+01:00'
location = 'Kaffesmeden (Smedegade 5, 6700 Esbjerg)'
summary = 'A cozy afternoon of coffee and conversation, bringing together women in tech to share experiences and support each other. It was a great way to connect, exchange ideas, and build a sense of community. We left feeling inspired and motivated to continue supporting each other in our tech journeys.'
poster = '' # URL to event poster image (optional)

# Takeaways/memories from the event (optional, only shown if event is in the past)
takeaways = [
    "It was great seeing a couple of new faces, as well as meeting some of our stable members again",
    "If you missed this one, don’t worry, there’s always next time!"
]

# Plans/agenda for the event (optional, only shown if event is in the future)
plans = [

]

[[images]]
url = "https://res.cloudinary.com/dnwahijsm/image/upload/v1772398332/february-2025_ydy12n.png"
alt = "Group photo from the event at Kaffesmeden"
+++

## Description

We’re re-energizing IT Women Esbjerg – starting with coffee! ☕

Join us for our first meeting of the year, a coffee meetup on February 22nd – a casual and friendly way to chat, share ideas, and connect with other women in tech.

It’s a great opportunity to meet others, get support, and build a community.

Want to join? Simply join our LinkedIn group to sign up for the meetup.

Here’s why you should join IT Women Esbjerg:
🤝 Connect with women at all levels of their tech careers.
🚀 Find internship leads and career advice.
💡 Get feedback on your projects or LinkedIn profile.
💬 Expand your network and make meaningful connections.

We’re creating a space for support and growth – and we’d love for you to be a part of it.

Join us today!
